I said the liberation of all of Palestine, in this generation, is possible,
and that a comprehensive confrontation, or a series of it,
between the two demographic blocs in the country;
its people and their invaders,
can pressure the apartheid
until it [confrontation] collapses it.
However, I would like to add today
that Israel knows that
and knows it for 20 years,
if not since it has been founded.
It is published in Israeli national security conferences
that was held in Herzliya since the beginning of the century.
It is periodic conferences that are usually attended by prime ministers
and army leaders.
You find in there, in verbatim,
in a report titled:
"Israel in 2020"
published in 2000 and I quote:
"The projections of current demographic growth trends, if persisted,
threatens the future of Israel as a Jewish state."
And that "there should be a Zionist demographic policy
which its consequences assure the Jewish identity of the state of Israel."
Which is a euphemism for ethnic cleansing.
All you have to do is to follow the Israeli policies
in the past couple of decades in:
doubling of settlement, confiscating land
destroying homes, building segregation walls, ratifying Nation-State Bill,
moving the American embassy [to Jerusalem], the Deal of the Century,
then attempting to displace the people of Jerusalem out of it,
just to know that it was at the
brink of those confrontations,
on May 2021,
of preparing another Nakba (Translator: Catastrophe; Palestinian exodus):
either gradually by siege and impoverishment,
or in a one-shot by military action.
Yes. We can win.
That is, exactly, what endangers us.
Our enemy knows that we can [win] and fears us.
A fearful is more ferocious than the secure and he is getting ready for us.
We need not to make mistakes, squander a possibility, or let a chance slip away.
So, everyone of us has a role
in increasing our chances of victory and minimize the chances of our defeat.
You, personally, whoever you were and wherever you were,
[you] have a role that if neglected shall bring woes unto us.
and if you have upheld it, then to the victor go the spoils.
I do not only mean this round of war only,
but rather all the upcoming rounds.
I mean all the whole entirety of the war;
the distance between your home's door and Damascus Gate,
between the soil on your sidewalks
and the gold on the Dome of the Rock.
If you were between the [Mediterranean] sea and the [Jordan] river,
In Gaza, Jerusalem, the Inside [of Israel], or an unarmed civilian
confronting the Israeli soldiers at the checkpoints of the West Bank,
then you have well done enough.
However, if you were a member of the security apparatuses
Of the Palestinian National Authority,
then we have the following to say to you:
Look, our brother! You have two options:
Either you tire Israel
and force it to draw a part of its forces
from the fronts of Gaza and the Inside [of Israel]
to the settlements of the West Bank
so you would weaken the three fronts all together.
Or, you would be the one to guarantee securing its settlements and checkpoints
and relieve it from more than 3 million
and a half a million Palestinian
who are half of our people between the [Mediterranean] sea and the [Jordan] river.
As if you are sending Israeli military
reinforcements to the other two fronts.
That, and if you were interested in the law of wartimes,
you would already know that the International Law incriminates building settlements
And holds the state inflicting the occupation responsible
of all the damage that happens to its settlers.
Because transferring them to an occupied land is a war crime,
and because resisting the people of the land against the occupation is a legitimate right.
You know better
how the settlers are armed to their teeth
and trained for combat.
Their threat to the security of the Palestinians is unnegotiable.
Nobody expects from you but doing your duty
in defending your people
against everyone who threatens their lives and their properties.
If you have found [doing this to] the settlements to much
in its high ground, weapons, and fortifications,
then you also know that the International Criminal Court
ruled since 2004 the illegality of the Segregation Wall.
Now, verily it segregates!
It segregates the people of the West Bank from the people of Galilee and the coast
So the Israeli police, the IDF, and the extremists would single out
the Arab communities surrounded by the invaders
in Jaffa, Haifa, and others
either in this confrontation or the ones following it.
This ruling of the court means that knocking down that wall
is legitimate.
Israel is not the only ones that has bulldozers and pickaxes.
The direction to which you are pointing your rifle, Mr. Officer,
is the one that adds to the many of the Palestinian people,
between the [Mediterranean] sea and the [Jordan] river,
half of it or deprives of half of it,
and adds to the IDF, on all fronts,
half of it or deprives of half of it.
So decide,
in front of the eyes of your mother, father, sister, and brother;
I mean your direct family members and the rest of your people,
and in front of the eyes of histories:
Where would you want to point your rifle?
To protect your people from the invaders?
Or to protect the invaders from your people?
If you have chosen the first, then the peoples honor those who protect them.
If you have chosen the second,
then have you ever heard of invaders who honor those who serve them?
This is about Palestine.
However, for the rest of the countries,
if you were an Arab fighting an Arab,
then put down your weapon, even temporarily.
If you were in an air force fighter roaming
the skies of Yemen and Syria
and got ordered to strike the homes of the people,
then do not follow the orders.
Remember the similarity between the complexions of your victims
and the complexions of the people of Gaza.
Then deduce afterwards who would you look like in this analogy.
Know
that there is an Israeli general who smiles
every time one of us kills his brother.
That general
is not concerned in the disagreement in the Saqifah (Translator: first schism between Sunna and Shia).
and is not interested in a democratic path in our countries,
or the question of secularism and religion.
The bullet has landed in a body of ours
not his [the Israeli general]
and that is enough for him to smile.
As for the vast majority of us;
I mean the many unarmed in the east and the west.
Whoever was in a country holding a peace agreement with Israel,
let him denounce those agreements publicly,
in street if possible.
If cannot, then on social media websites.
If cannot, then through a written will to his sons.
Or through a flag on the porch of his house.
That is for us to know that we are many
and for our adversaries to know that they are few.
If there was an office or an embassy for the enemy in your country,
take the necessary health and safety measures against the pandemic,
and practice your constitutional right to stand in the street.
Between you and your brother two meters.
You are not crowding. You are not gathering. You are not protesting.
but rather standing alone in the embassy street!
and your brother standing alone!
where the ambassador and his employees have to pass between the two of you,
and between 10,000 man and woman standing like you;
everyone alone!
Whoever his country's conditions and laws allow,
then [go for] tent camping and sitting-in
since those embassies have a revenge with tents (Translator: reference on Nakba tents).
If you were in a country where you cannot gather,
then hold it until its time come,
and it will indisputably come,
I tell our comrades (Translator: referencing political left) and our brothers (Translator: referencing political right), personnel and parties:
civilians in their homes or parliament members,
either sham [parliaments] or real,
make the annulment of the Arab agreements
with the apartheid in Israel
on the top of your agenda
when you have the streets and when you have the reign.
The streets look impossible [to conquer], then it becomes suddenly available.
A revolution looks like a dream,
until it surprises you as a reality of blood and smoke.
If you grasp the opportunity [for revolution], do not waist it as you have waisted other before.
and once bitten, twice shy.
I was in Tahrir Square in 2011
and in 2012
I was then delivering this talk to the rebels
while they were in the Square.
and to the rebels while they were in reign.
Then comes someone to tell me:
"The annulment of the [peace] agreement [with Israel] may lead to a coup d'état."
Imagine!
Remember the saying of the Christ:
"For whoever wants to save their life will lose it,"
"but whoever loses their life will find it."
Whoever was in the countries that is not in peace with Israel,
then do everything you can.
Our war is a war of Morales.
Maybe a word or a post
would condole the family of a martyr and strengthens the heart of a freedom fighter
and make your people feel, whom the British had isolated from you,
by a map they have unjustly drew,
then the Israelis isolated them [your people] from each other,
by maps that they continue to draw till today,
[Make them feel] that they [your people] have a bond and a support.
That they are not two million in Gaza,
and two million in Galilee and the coast,
and three million in the West Bank.
But rather, they are two billion from the [Pacific] ocean to the [Indian] ocean.
Whoever was outside of the Arab and Muslim sphere,
then let him show to the people
that Israel is an apartheid
and that all the Palestinians,
between the [Mediterranean] sea and the [Jordan] river,
in refugee camps, or in diaspora,
they [the Palestinians] are being punished because they were not born for Jewish mothers
or else they would have been received with lilies in Ben Gurion airport [in Israel].
We do not demand but what all people demand.
For all humans to be equal and that nobody does us injustice by his mother's religion!
Founding a state for us in a small part of Palestine
that is an economical satellite and that is bare in front of Israel
will not result but in another weak Arab dictatorship,
and it will embolden the apartheid
against whom remains of the Arabs
under the rule of the Israelis.
In conclusion,
If you were an armed Arab,
then point your gun at your enemy, not your brother.
If you were an unarmed Arab,
then take the streets and public squares as your weapon.
Soldiers cannot overpower crowds.
If you were ordered to inflict an injustice, then refuse.
And let it be.
Keep disobeying the commanding unjust until he submits.
Try, try, and try until you can.
Liberating all of Palestine is possible.
Let us make it certain.
A new Nakba,
if our rulers stay unjust
and we stay obedient,
is also possible too.
Let us make it impossible.
There you have the two paths before you, my friend.
Look at your hands,
to the lines in your palms,
and know that you, not anyone else,
will write your omen.
Be ready.
This generation of yours is a generation of resolution.
Let the shame be for another than you.
The ones before you appeased
and got you here.
If you want to elongate your tournament,
then listen to your tormentors.
But if you wanted victory,
there!
Extend your hands.
Nobody takes it but you!